Updates to the Getting started section of the OCP 4.11 docs (#50500)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sbo-deploying-the-spring-petclinic-sample-application.adoc

----
+
At this stage, the pod fails to start. If you try to interact with the application, it returns errors.
+
. Expose the service to create a route for your application:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc expose service spring-petclinic -n my-petclinic
----
+

> The output verifies that the `spring-petclinic` service is exposed and a route for the Spring PetClinic sample application is created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output shows that the Spring PetClinic sample application has been created and a route for the `spring-petclinic` service is exposed:
```
Using "verified" this way is anthropomorphism.
